Day1:  
Hey there! This is the day1 report of what I learned about JavaScript. I started by learning the language's application in enhancing website functionalities. The initial focus was on the fundamental features of javascript and for what the purposes of the features and then I delved into the basic data type elements such as strings (representing words), numbers, and boolean values, laying the groundwork for a broader understanding.
So for the upcoming days my strategy will be to learn the different functions of javascript and practice the concepts i have learned using either projects or questions.

Day2:
Hey there!Day 2 of my JavaScript exploration delved deeper into data types, expanding on the foundations laid on Day 1. Today's focus centered on refining my understanding of datatypes and its uses in javascript.Additionally, I also started learning about variables in JavaScript and the different ways to declare them.So for the upcoming days my strategy will be to utilize my current knoiwledge of datatypes and variables to solve few basic problems and use these to learn further new concepts.
 
Day3:
Hello!this is Day 3 of my JavaScript report. As it was a busy day for me today ,so I dedicated my time to revising and clarifying doubts on the concepts I covered in the previous two days. This revision proved beneficial in improving my understanding of data types, variables, and the foundational aspects of JavaScript.While I didn't learn any  new material today I'm eager to start learning new conceptsnfrom tomorrow.

Day4:
Hey there! due to health issue I took a 2 day break from my learning and so its technically day 6 but enetring the report as day 4 so today i covered the topics about conditional loops and their types. Also practiced few probelms based on previous days concepts of datatypes and operator. The plan for the next few days will be to learn abt looping statements and also practice problems based on those concepts.

Day5:
Hello! this is day 5 of my js report so today as mentioned in previous report i focuse on learning the looping statements in javascript and also still continued practicing problems based on the basic concepts I have learned 
and clarifying doubts that occured while practicing.


